README.md, before:

<<<<<<< HEAD
<<<<<<< HEAD
# Portfolio-Page
Welcome to my portfolio! Here you’ll find a collection of projects I’ve worked on, from coding experiments to real-world applications. Each project showcases my skills in Python, HTML, CSS, and Flask, along with my creativity and problem-solving abilities. Click on any project to learn more about it.
=======
# Portfolio Website (Flask + Jinja2)

This is my personal portfolio website built with **Python (Flask)** and **Jinja2 templates**.  
It showcases my projects, skills, and contact information dynamically.

---

## Features

- Dynamic pages using Flask and Jinja2
- Sections for projects, skills, and contact
- Easy to extend with Python backend functionality

---

## How to Run Locally (Step-by-Step)

### 1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/MRPeops01/Portfolio-website.git


###2. Navigate to the project folder

###3. Create a virtual environment (recommended)

###4 Activate the virtual environment

Windows:

venv\Scripts\activate


Mac/Linux:

source venv/bin/activate

###5. Run the Flask app
python app.py you will need Flask



=======
# Portfolio-website
Welcome to my personal portfolio! This site showcases my projects, skills, and creative work. Built with Flask, Jinja2, HTML, and CSS, it demonstrates my ability to create dynamic web pages and interactive designs. Explore the projects, learn more about me, and see what I can build!
>>>>>>> 46fe8e9 (Initial commit)

Commit message:

Revise 'How to Run Locally' section to 'How to access'
Updated section title and provided website link.

README.md, after:

<<<<<<< HEAD
<<<<<<< HEAD
# Portfolio-Page
Welcome to my portfolio! Here you’ll find a collection of projects I’ve worked on, from coding experiments to real-world applications. Each project showcases my skills in Python, HTML, CSS, and Flask, along with my creativity and problem-solving abilities. Click on any project to learn more about it.
=======
# Portfolio Website (Flask + Jinja2)

This is my personal portfolio website built with **Python (Flask)** and **Jinja2 templates**.  
It showcases my projects, skills, and contact information dynamically.

---

## Features

- Dynamic pages using Flask and Jinja2
- Sections for projects, skills, and contact
- Easy to extend with Python backend functionality

---

## How to acsess
here is the link to the website
https://marcus-tech-projects.onrender.com/


=======
# Portfolio-website
Welcome to my personal portfolio! This site showcases my projects, skills, and creative work. Built with Flask, Jinja2, HTML, and CSS, it demonstrates my ability to create dynamic web pages and interactive designs. Explore the projects, learn more about me, and see what I can build!
>>>>>>> 46fe8e9 (Initial commit)
